Welcome, Happy New Year, and welcome you all. Thank you.
Beethoven vision is such a very wonderful and beautiful practice.
Again, kindness of the late John, and his partner Hugo, they've both been so kind.
I mean, John, I know since 1973 in India, where he came to India.
So ever since, he's been so kind and very loyal to friends with me,
and my brother late, brother Kimbo, for this year.
And so again, we had this opportunity to do this practice,
and his partner is very much willing to continue to keep this place.
As that what John used to do really very much.
So I'm very happy and grateful for everyone, for John and as well as Hugo.
So again, I guess I'd like to extend it to you all.
Thank you very much for coming and participating.
This is a being as a kind of a John always uses historic events in the New York City,
in small scale, scale, something good and wonderful, beautiful,
low key, don't to the earth, thinking of love, kindness and concluding thoughts
for all living beings, really not just kind of like bragging all there,
but simple something doing and follow in the instructions
of the great master of the lineage of love and compassion,
that from the Buddha or the summoner by the Buddha Chaka money until now.
So we really were very kind of happy to do and I'm so happy
and thankful all your body spirit and helping to part of this ceremony.
And this ceremony is a cleansing ceremony and for a significant ceremony,
and also it is ceremony of the world peace for every living beings and beyond
and as well as also environments.
So is inhabitant and as a habit, habitus to everyone really.
We think that as you see when you do practices, we find it also in English.
So you know that but each time reflecting those meanings in your heart and mind
and really extend it, let that spread as a ripple effect
with all the Northern light through every directions and beyond.
And also with this band, this practice is all those people who go on from sight.
That's our loved one.
So even we don't know them, but there's so many beings.
So really thinking of the practice with the bodhicata,
when we have the bodhicata, there's no boundaries in a delicious kindness teacher.
But I say, think of every living beings, you're doing this practice.
So that's what we join.
Such as may all living beings have the happiness and cause of happiness.
We not say that all may present in things or our sight happiness and cause of happiness.
We our mind, our heart and our body that is open as like sky and reaching to everything really.
So this will reach to everyone and as well as as I said, also young
and as well as everyone that who go on inside, really their profile and removing
their old obstacles, obscurations or whatever and there's a blockage
but having the higher realizations and fulfillment
and in the pure land of the Buddha Dharma and all Amitabha and enlightenment.
So those all which we both thought, we do this practice.
Again, thank you very much everyone coming and the party spread.
Okay, thank you very much everyone.
Thank you. And now we begin to do the practices.
Yeah, first person, maybe we do silence meditation for maybe five minutes
and then we begin the chanting meditation.
[BLANK_AUDIO]